What are the main benefits of
communicating to field devices
directly via Internet protocols?
Is the more descriptive feedback
that can be received relative to
legacy hard wild alternatives?
For example.
A package boiler could diagnose the
causes of faults and send explicit
error codes via an IP connection
whilst a hardwired boiler may
simply indicate a common fault.
For this reason,
Ethernet connections to field devices
are most preferred for quality
Internet of Things connectivity.
Serial connections are less favoured
due to restrictions on cable length.
Quality installations will have
a reluctance to install wireless
gateways for denies divide device
connectivity due to the risk of
interference and data packet loss.
The use of gateway devices for hard
wired interfaces between field
device and local IP network is
an undesirable fullback option.
What are the main commercial
challenges in integrating field
devices with web services?
Is device lifecycle management?
It is no coincidence that the
Internet of Things has made
significant progress within the
domain of personal devices where
the watch and smartphone typically
have short economic lives of
less than three to five years.
This graph demonstrates that this is not
the case with many other field devices
where we have seen slower progress.
Other devices found in the field have
economic lives of longer than 10
years and the timing of replacement
would not normally coincide with
all other devices of a system.
This poses problems for enabling
entire environments capable of
Internet of Things functionality
through routine device replacement.
This is a simple diagram explaining the
various strategies a business can adopt
to compete for customers within markets.
It is the role of the asset manager to gain
full utilization of field devices in order
to maximize returns on investments in them,
and they have an important role in managing
the business ecosystem surrounding this.
In a business, as usual scenario,
asset managers would naturally be expected
to demonstrate cost leadership in their role.
However, this barrier may be overcome if
a business case can be made for replacing
field devices before end of economic life,
either to significantly reduce longer
term costs through process automation.
Or create an opportunity to differentiate
the business from competitors in a
market through a systems transformation.